
=== TX ===
  golden standards: 8
  parsed:           25
  matched:          8  (coverage 1.000)
  fully correct:    2/8
  field accuracy:   0.958
  per-field (ok/total) — only fields with a mismatch shown:
    strand.description       6/8   (0.75)  ← MISMATCH
    indicator.description    4/8   (0.50)  ← MISMATCH
  dropped: 0
  standard_id collisions: 0
  field mismatches (6):
    TX-IND-01-PK3 strand.description: expected "Central to understanding emotional development is the idea of self-concept: an ever-increasing level of conscious awareness of one's feelings, thoughts, abilities, likes, and dislikes, as well as awareness of one's body in space. Prekindergarten children's emerging ability to perceive these aspects of themselves at a conscious level distinguishes them from toddlers, who lack such awareness. Children begin to generate multiple answers to the question “Who am I?” which is an essential aspect of becoming competent in related areas, such as self-control and social/friendship skills. A child's identity includes cultural and linguistic factors, and the prekindergarten environment is one of the first public opportunities for children to recognize the uniqueness of their own home culture and language as well as accept and value cultures and languages different from their own. Early childhood educators must model the mindset of diversity as an asset in the classroom, school, and community." got 'Central to understanding emotional development is the idea of self-concept: an ever-increasing level of conscious awareness of one\'s feelings, thoughts, abilities, likes, and dislikes, as well as awareness of one\'s body in space. Prekindergarten children\'s emerging ability to perceive these aspects of themselves at a conscious level distinguishes them from toddlers, who lack such awareness. Children begin to generate multiple answers to the question "Who am I?" which is an essential aspect of becoming competent in related areas, such as self-control and social/friendship skills. A child\'s identity includes cultural and linguistic factors, and the prekindergarten environment is one of the first public opportunities for children to recognize the uniqueness of their own home culture and language as well as accept and value cultures and languages different from their own. Early childhood educators must model the mindset of diversity as an asset in the classroom, school, and community.'
    TX-IND-01-PK4 strand.description: expected "Central to understanding emotional development is the idea of self-concept: an ever-increasing level of conscious awareness of one's feelings, thoughts, abilities, likes, and dislikes, as well as awareness of one's body in space. Prekindergarten children's emerging ability to perceive these aspects of themselves at a conscious level distinguishes them from toddlers, who lack such awareness. Children begin to generate multiple answers to the question “Who am I?” which is an essential aspect of becoming competent in related areas, such as self-control and social/friendship skills. A child's identity includes cultural and linguistic factors, and the prekindergarten environment is one of the first public opportunities for children to recognize the uniqueness of their own home culture and language as well as accept and value cultures and languages different from their own. Early childhood educators must model the mindset of diversity as an asset in the classroom, school, and community." got 'Central to understanding emotional development is the idea of self-concept: an ever-increasing level of conscious awareness of one\'s feelings, thoughts, abilities, likes, and dislikes, as well as awareness of one\'s body in space. Prekindergarten children\'s emerging ability to perceive these aspects of themselves at a conscious level distinguishes them from toddlers, who lack such awareness. Children begin to generate multiple answers to the question "Who am I?" which is an essential aspect of becoming competent in related areas, such as self-control and social/friendship skills. A child\'s identity includes cultural and linguistic factors, and the prekindergarten environment is one of the first public opportunities for children to recognize the uniqueness of their own home culture and language as well as accept and value cultures and languages different from their own. Early childhood educators must model the mindset of diversity as an asset in the classroom, school, and community.'
    TX-IND-03-PK3 indicator.description: expected None got 'use appropriate strategies to decrease level of distress (e.g., requests help when feeling frustrated with a task or seeks comfort from teacher when feeling sad) respond positively to adult guidance in using calming strategies (e.g., suggestions to separate self from frustrating situations or take a deep breath) show enjoyment while participating in activities that stimulate different types of emotions (e.g., playground games or music activities that require alternation of loud/quiet, fast/slow)'
    TX-IND-03-PK4 indicator.description: expected None got 'use appropriate strategies to decrease level of distress (e.g., requests help when feeling frustrated with a task or seeks comfort from teacher when feeling sad) respond positively to adult guidance in using calming strategies (e.g., suggestions to separate self from frustrating situations or take a deep breath) show enjoyment while participating in activities that stimulate different types of emotions (e.g., playground games or music activities that require alternation of loud/quiet, fast/slow)'
    TX-IND-04-PK4 indicator.description: expected None got 'explore using his senses and uses sensory language to describe characteristics of natural and human-made objects and materials (e.g., wood, cotton, fur, stone, leather, plastic, paper, foil, ingredients for cooking, feathers, sponges) sort, group, or classify objects in meaningful ways based on one or more characteristics (e.g., hard/soft or heavy/light; materials that are made of wood, plastic, rock) investigate and predict what common objects will do in response to an action (e.g., whether materials will sink/float or melt/freeze)'
    TX-IND-05-PK4 indicator.description: expected None got 'describe common sources of energy (e.g., sun, wind, water) demonstrate understanding that some items/equipment must have a source of energy to function (e.g., "Teacher, we need a new battery for this toy." or "It\'s not working; it is not plugged in.") identify common objects in the classroom or their home that need a source of energy to'
  regression cases:
    [PASS] TX-PK3-PK4-DISTINCT-IDS — 0 multi-variant indicator code(s) all kept distinct ids+bands
    [PASS] NO-ID-COLLISION — all 25 standard_ids unique